if you guys want to get hold of some
cheap and instant fifa ultimate team
coins be sure to check out fifa coins
own calm the link we left down below use
the discount code hecho be for the most
money off enjoy hey guys and welcome
back today to another video i said to
you guys last week if you wanted to see
just another regular pack opening
because obviously i'm doing the omegle
guess who's doing the chatroulette pack
openings now different source stuff just
to keep you guys entertained and not
stop load the same old content is always
going to be in your sub box but we're
gonna be doing 50k packs today now i'm
probably gonna do like 15 or 20 50 k
packs and it is the last chance I have
to try and get that Ronaldo and the team
of the season has our door cost though
whichever ones i haven't had yet it's
Kosta hazard and the renowned ER that I
really really want to get you come on
it's just get off to a good start give
me a blue please come on please please
please oh just realize there was
actually someone stood underneath my
window even though on the top floor just
like listening to me really awkwardly so
I'm gonna stand up the rest of this pack
come on oh yes Oh what black holy
that's brilliant that is absolutely
brilliant team of the season Fabregas so
i have actually packed this year on a
snapchat back and they'll sure are we
Wow okay that it's a very good start to
this pack opening I do actually
apologize about the lighting in this
room at night it's a bit of a problem so
I don't you managed to smash the bowl a
one of my studio lights which you know
is probably one of my clever ideas come
on that's not good 50k back when you get
an 83 rare player in a 50k pack that is
a massive letdown we are on to my second
account this is actually my second main
account come on oh yes that's good
that's good we get ourselves a purple
card than what my reaction ones those
are all yes a buddy Churchill impression
that wasn't even any good we get the
purple Muller who he's average but it's
a it's a purple card you can't complain
so let's think about this we've managed
to get matage like eight times about
team of the season Aguero team of the
season sanchez which can frozen made me
discard yes you're bothering us again we
were just reading off all the players
that we've
to park and we get 90 rated cesc
fabregas again Wow okay how much he said
360 KO don't know if he sells so I'm
just going to stick him up for the buy
now price of 361 someone's gonna get
lucky if he does say I don't even know
if he does that's a very good pull again
all right I've got a t-shirt with a
rabbit on I'm gonna put my hood up like
a thug and just hope for the best and
see if the change of scenery is actually
gonna do me any better come on for
another blue boys another blew up a
tender said about 50 times i'm not going
to scream about getting him again roses
are red violets of blue wait violets are
blue what am I talking about this is
such a troll we've a disco we've had
hammers Rodriguez now come on please
just give me Ronald dome final 50k back
on this account come on please literally
the things i would do to pack that
ronaldo we're just not even worth
thinking about come on oh I'm just
hoping they normally release 100k packs
once they've released these 50 k-pax
when the team the seasons are about to
drop out come on please please please
I'm not going to look at this one I'm
not going to look and I'm just gonna
hope fry the cost of hazzard or Ronaldo
please give me one of my ass what the
bloody hell is that ah what come on come
on this account has been absolutely
dreadful I can faith right on to the
final account now I've got a very very
funny feeling it's gonna be 100 Capac
straight after this so come on that's
good that's good an orange ok 100k packs
are out I was right this is the final
chance now to get this Ronaldo otherwise
the final chance i am officially gonna
have will be his team of the season card
i want to get this one so badly come on
hundred Capac give me something good
hmm is it informed you never really want
to oh okay that is the best rainbow pack
I am ever had inform purple accardi Oh
Charlie Austin TV the season that is an
incredible pack come on I wish we want
these players so badly come on please
please please please give me Ronaldo has
our dog pasta come on come on and
there's so many different varieties of
different color cards on the marquee you
know it's a dreadful 100k pack if you
don't get a single color card in that
pack I'm not expecting something good
from this when I've got bad feeling very
very bad feeling you just know you can
just tell all right this account is my
main streaming account where the
majority of my pack ball team in the
season suck on let's get some more so
Pepe you just you're just everywhere
Pepe without a single color car there
must be like even a really in form
or a really bad hero card by now
anything anything that's color yes John
Terry oh what a black John Terry team of
the season Chelsea fans a big deal for
me and Nima that is indeed a very very
good Packer thing they actually heard me
you know they were just like no we've
got to turn off this guy's team of the
season pack love but we're just going to
return it for him because why not what a
punk what an incredible pack I feel as
though we need one more stellar signing
to the club to get oh yes Jordan
Henderson will do we packed him so many
times literally oh and Tremmel eNOS I
didn't think I was going to get his name
on that is actually another very very
good 100k pack another blue to answer
the very much growing list i think i'm
on tonight 70 or something now this
theme of the season another inform make
sure to miss messy or anything like that
you never ever know
you